+++
date = 2017-11-08T00:00:00  # Schedule page publish date.

title = "[poster] Generating and analyzing metabolomic data from tea plant volatiles"
authors = ["Eric R. Scott", "Nicole Kfoury", "Colin Orians", "Albert Robat Jr."]
time_start = 2017-11-08T13:00:00
time_end = ""
abstract = "Brewed tea is a complex mixture of thousands of organic compounds, many of which change in response to environmental growing conditions and contribute to aroma, taste, and health beneficial qualities. Analyzing such a complex mixture by GC/MS is insufficient to identify low concentration compounds.  Spectral deconvolution is a method of identifying many more compounds from GC/MS data that relies on a database built using clean spectra from GC-GC/MS data. Furthermore, MS subtraction can be used to identify even more co-eluting non-target compounds. This process often generates data with many more variables than samples, which presents a problem for many traditional multivariate analysis methods. A combination of PCA, an unsupervised method, and OPLS, a supervised method, allow for statistical analysis and identification of important metabolites using results generated by spectral deconvolution of GC/MS data."
abstract_short = ""
event = "Data Intensive Studies Center (DISC) Symposium"
event_url = ""
location = "Tufts University, Medford, MA, USA"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = ["dcse"]
tags = ["plant-volatiles", "R"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
# [header]
# image = "headers/bubbles-wide.jpg"
# caption = "My caption :smile:"

+++